
Scene Loader Documentation

Description
A editor window tool for loading scenes in the editor, both outside of and
during runtime. It also has functionality for managing build setting scenes.
Users can customize the displayed name of each scene and folder, as well as
tint them with a color. Users can also hide unwanted folders.

Change Log

Week 2 Changes
-   Generates a list of scenes sorted by folder, each with a button for loading
    them.

-   Added "Select" button for each scene for selecting the scene asest in the
    project window.

-   Made "Open" button switch to "Load" at runtime, and only be enabled for
    each scene if its listed in the build settings to avoid errors.

-   Added "Add" button to each scene, which adds the scene to the build
    settings. If added, the button changes to "Remove" which will remove the
    scene from the build settings. These buttons are only enabled when not
    running the game.

-   Added "Add All" / "Remove All" for adding/removing an entire folder's
    scenes to the build settings.

-   Added "Expand all"/"Collapse all" buttons for expanding or collapsing all
    the scene folders. Also added scroll bar for scene folder section of the
    window.

-   Added settings menu at the top of the window which allows toggling on/off
    additional features beyonding opening scenes.

-   Added "Reload Scene" button

-   Added support for additive scene loading, which lets you open multiple
    scenes at once. Also added "open all"/"close all" buttons for each folder.

-   Added the option to rename the displayed name for scenes and folders.

-   Added the option to add notes to each scene and folder.

-   Added the option to change the color of each scene and folder.

-   Added button to regenerate the scriptable object cache that stores the
    names, notes, colors, and cached scene asset references.

-   Added button for copying a gitignore string for ignoring the scene loader
    cache directory so that teammates can each customize the scene loader for
    thier own editor (untested).

-   Added option for disabling UI animations so I can ask if people prefer it
    with or without animations.

Week 3 Changes
-   Added the option to hide folders and scenes, as well mass hide all scenes
    in a folder, or all folders.

-   Cached window state in scriptable object so it will persist between script
    recompilations, reopening the window, and project reopening the project.

-   Added icon to editor window.

-   Made "reload scene" button change to "reload scenes" if multiple scenes are
    loaded at once, and it will reload them in the same order they were loaded.

Possible Future changes
-   Test gitignore feature

-   Improve color tinting

-   Deal with edge case of user deleting the loaded scene at runtime

-   Add better commenting to the editor window script, since the file is very
    long
